Extensions: Clarify documentation. (#231)
pals-project/pals: source/definitions.md

`Lattice expansion` involves branch expansion along with things like
calculating the reference energy for all elements.

%---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(s:enum)=
## Enum

An `enum` key is a parameter that has set of named valid values. For example, the `cavity_type` parameter of
the [`RFP`](#s:rf.params) parameter group has valid values `STANDING_WAVE` and `TRAVELING_WAVE`.

> The advantage of designating a parameter as an enum means that validation can be done of the parameter value.

Reviewer: Regarding

> The advantage of designating a parameter as an enum means that validation can be done of the parameter value.

how's this different from a regular parameter, e.g., say, a simple integer? Validation can be done on the parameter value for a simple integer too, e.g., there can be a constraint about the sign of the integer encoded in the definition of the parameter on the implementation end.

Author: Here you are adding possible values. With an integer, you are restricting the range and this would need a different syntax. Similarly, restricting string values would need a different syntax. This could be the subject of a future PR but is not germane to this one.

Reviewer 2: I see why you add this: often we have attributes that have a fixed amount of pre-defined values that are allowed. They are usually lists of strings (but could be list-of-any-type). We already use `[enum]` in the standard w/o defining it, e.g.,
https://pals-project.readthedocs.io/en/latest/lattice-element-parameter-groups.html#rfp-rf-parameters

This is a sensible short-hand, we should say at least once that `enum` is an abbreviation for "enumerated type", for the uninitiated.

Author: Enum is defined in definitions.md and there is link to the def inextensions.md.

`Lattice expansion` involves branch expansion along with things like
calculating the reference energy for all elements.

%---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> (s:extensions)=

Reviewer: Can you double check if this `(s:extensions)` anchor is now dangling?

Author: I'm not sure what you mean by "dangling".

Reviewer: I meant that I'm confused with these `s:` and `c:` anchors and I'm not sure when we use which. Can you remind me? In this specific case, with "dangling" I meant if the `(s:extensions)` anchor is actually referenced/used or if it was meant to be `(c:extensions)`.

Author: The convention I have been using is `s:` indicates a section (that is, used with a `##` construction) and `c:` indicates a chapter (that is, used with a `#` construction).

## Extensions

An Extension is data added to a PALS lattice that is not part of the PALS standard.
For example, information specific to a particular machine that has no analogue with other
machines can be put in as an extension. A list of "registered" extensions is in the 

> [Extension](#c:extension) section.

Reviewer: I think it would be good if we clarify here what "registered" in `"registered" extensions` means. I wasn't sure myself while reviewing this part of the PR. I think the fact that we wrap it in quotes signals that it requires an explanation, which the quotes themselves don't really provide.

Reviewer: Maybe we could simply write "documented" instead, as in `documented extensions`. I see we use this in other parts of this PR.

Author: Replaced `registered` with `documented`.

`Lattice expansion` involves branch expansion along with things like
calculating the reference energy for all elements.

%---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(s:enum)=
## Enum

> An `enum` key is a parameter that has set of named valid values. For example, the `cavity_type` parameter of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An enumerated type (`enum`) is a parameter that has set of named valid values.
Typically, this is a list of allowed strings.
For example, the `cavity_type` parameter of
```

Author: Essentially enum values are strings so "Typically, this is a list of allowed strings." should be left out.  See the revised text.

the [`RFP`](#s:rf.params) parameter group has valid values `STANDING_WAVE` and `TRAVELING_WAVE`.
The advantage of designating a parameter as an enum means that validation can be done of the parameter value.

%---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(s:extensions)=
## Extensions

An Extension is data added to a PALS file that is not part of the PALS standard.
For example, information specific to a particular machine or simulation program that has no analogue with other

> machines can be put in as an extension. A list of "documented" extensions is in the 

Reviewer: Do we still need the quotes here? I think the word documented is clear enough in itself:

```suggestion
machines can be put in as an extension. A list of documented extensions is in the 
```
